I'm not a musician but I'm a fan of the sketch geek for the nationwide science.
He's the fool who's meaning to be the best.
Can I speak over?
You must have been making a spring time.
Well, maybe that's the first piece I've just had much nearer adjournment than a little rest, Jonathan.
That is, unless the study gets around to putting an old day on the crime investigation.
But if that's done, the first big math time off we've had old summer fall and I'm afraid you're in the winter.
That's what you're having at the heaven and frozen risk of stuff you've asked me about.
And what's the first time you're attending this summer?
If you're gonna keep on, I know you like to include as many items possible on this program.
So, just taking the energy to the people's history.
You're out about a full smash of animals.
Just mail to the religious heritage.
You just about everybody in here.
Everybody seems to be in ten.
What do you think of his act?
The Charlie, not only gets everybody in every kind of city and town, but of course there's a lot of interest all over the United States.
As you say, Charlie, this order affects just about all of us who live within a city limits.
But we have a real problem here.
The post office department is present operating at a loss of a little more than $500 million a year.
The postmaster general, Mr. Jessica Donnellson, who used to live at Chattanooga by the way,
is a very sincere man trying to do a good job in my job.
He's a career man having come up through the ranks and a local post office to follow you through the top position.
General Donnellson has stopped the balances budget by asking times to raise post office rates.
But this office so far has not been successful.
So to meet in plain for this operating deficit, Mr. Donnellson thinks we've been got along with 10,000 fewer employees.
With one mail delivery each day is all the residents who see the fair folks.
It might be intended that one mail a day is sufficient for American homes, but I started the people going to be happier.
We must do something and right now, first of all, to meet up.
The only thing we can do is to go to some increased and post-group rates.
The Internet is going to be for increased and recrimination is not being addressed.
Yes, but included many recommendations.
The recommendations were that the post office department put on a modern business-like place.
The recommendation provided for our new accounting system, which would enable us to move across to the various services.
I always thought that it might be an error to start the subsidies of the government that the government pays to airlines and railroads for falling mail to the post office of the department.
The Google Commission estimates that about $200 million a year to be saved if this recommendation were adopted.
What's your opinion about these recommendations because we can take smooth measures to get that a politics?
Well, I don't know about that proposal yet, Carlos. The farest numbers of the cows will be most of the recommending to post-masters of concern.
Sometimes I think they might have more than that if they were not to tell just like one from the list of three to fill these places.
Somebody made the remark that when a Congressman considers the three names on eligible registers and appoints one of them as post-masters, he winds up the two of the applicants mad at him and won him drugs.
But at least that has been the fellow who has met these many by the head, loud and deep and feathery and close to life.
At the same time, Charlie, the mere fact that an applicant makes the hash rate on the civil services examination does not not assert in mean that he would be the best post-master.
A good postmaster not only needs education, training and experience.
He needs also to be a good administrator to handle these tasks. To be a part of a good public relations man who got along with the people who adopted the search.
I would say that they are a good argument on post-time. But as a past, no matter I have a serious task that the congressman will take away that type of power.
Personally, I think we would be able to do better business in Congress if we didn't have the capacity to talk with an eye-blower much to see some kind of this some other work.
Speaking of the who the recommendation center. What about these people who write who defend the time of their community?
If you just want to meet about the role of the system of force, then they come along later, raising the scheme about who the support of these recommendations is really good.
While they say the least, we began to doubt the validity of our recommendations in either instance.
We do have a whole lot of that urgency and economy and it's the same time urging and appropriations to take care of some particular entries that they are concerned about.
Everybody wants economy of course. We know that we cannot suspend you and definitely to operate in the rest.
But renting economy and taking the necessary steps to get it are two entirely different things.
It is a mistake for folks to read the headlines or listen to generalities on the radio about some of the economy's proposal and then to write us to adopt it without knowing more about it.
For instance, one of the Hoover's commission recommendations is to subsidize certain of the operations of the Tennessee Valley Authority here in Washington.
And take away the regional management. We think that's the purpose of this so much to keep the A's in stress.
I would guess that 95% of the good Tennessee people who wrote us urging the whole hall to adopt some of the Hoover reports didn't appreciate the fact that this item was included in it.
And also we have a lot of people writing us to adopt all of the Hoover recommendations and at the same time urging that we keep the core engineers as a separate entity.
I think the ought to be a separate entity but the Hoover report is recommendation once we put it under the interior of the bus.
It's much better to take the Hoover recommendations one of the time bearing in mind that the object of the recommendations is to kind of not.
And the mayor is seeking this in his office.
I noticed that the 21 ladies proposals to buy out should actually be more opposition than itself.
I think we ever see complaints about just about every one of these proposals.
And it's a difficult thing to discern what it is to people back home not us to do.
That really is the best that we know how.
Another thing was one of the most common 24 hours period that is with the thrust.
There's a file of attention in the House on the forces to make direct interregional position and endorsements in relation to draft the state department.
We might have to use those for the right to use them.
I think it's very difficult for a person to come to the House for a decision of making the state of law.
And since it became a decision of the Pacific State of the Blue, I know not only in its full law,
but we are already in the war.
It's right to be declared a decision.
I thought she could gain so much time in the President.
Yes, Charlie. I think more and more of us are realizing for the first time what Joe Stalin meant in 1945.
And he said, Russia is the destructive series. This is not war, not peace.
Charlie, I tell you, if we don't wake up and use this, it's hard to refuse such a small mistake we have to solve this situation.
I'm afraid that we're going to be in part of very bad time.
I don't want to alarm anybody unnecessarily. I don't believe in war, I'm just...
Unless we take some bone and stuff and take them very soon.
Some incident is going to such a farce another competition.
We made well faith that the Estritians took our heads in the stand like a monster, and those are ours to be ours.
But then, what can we do?
I've thought that so many times I'm almost ashamed to stay here again.
But if our nation is studying motion and machine-wrestling,
and we're meeting up with three people who have negotiated their life as a country,
we will see some instruments immediately and we'll be at altitude in my opinion.
Russia has every reason to believe that the United States is not going to do anything until she has forced them to.
By that time, Russia will be ready for whatever we can do with our faith.
Well, if Russia has even an opinion, why doesn't she just plan war?
Well, I should say, Charlie, we mustn't forget that Russia is a dictator.
The government can do it as it seems in each time, as well as in war.
The Communist have already overrun China.
They have made rapid gains everywhere without using any other manpower or firepower.
Russia would be still hard to believe to invite him to tax by the firing war,
and he's making such great strides without doing such things.
But, instead of the coal war, we have already undeclared war.
At least so far, Russia is concerned. That's a good thing.
Yes, sir, that's what I'm saying. It's a fact that the mass in the coal war is big.
Yes, how do you think you're meeting up with the United Nations before the possibility of settling the nuclear health net?
For this reason, Russia wants and must have time.
Time is what we are wasting and wasting the Russian benefit.
Being a dictator's gift is not such a force.
Russia can do everything in the absence of war, as he can do in the presence of war.
We have never learned that full-calitarian government's bank heavily on the coal-moving actions of the mass.
Dictatorships being the advantage while we are making up our minds.
Now, if we get into another war, what will we do?
Or we will unite with our friends?
Russia doesn't want us to unite with our friends, but she doesn't declare war.
That what we'll want to do is we begin to do the very thing as she fears most.
If we start working out of time to set a rate, she will slow down her off of tension.
She will begin to smile, where she now smiles. She will focus peace.
Hoping as she can lay us again into conflict.
Once we feel the dangers, the immediate dangers have.
And it's likely to happen too, unless we continue to conclude this great plan for unification of the three people who the world.
But there is a whole Russia's hidden three actions in the three countries.
The whole of the Finland has started the best way to break up the federalization plans,
what the attackers have been participating in.
Well, that isn't likely to happen.
You have to remember, Stalin, as Russia is playing for time.
The Finland was recognized and is not in a touch on any of these nominations,
which would be considered as the touch on all of them, by all of them.
It's a relief. It's a relief for an immediate war,
and Russia does not want to go at this time.
The Soviet government has proved over and over again,
that time is the commodity that she was willing to expand.
Nearly ever proposed what that government is for a five-year plan or a ten-year plan.
If they don't get it done in five or ten years, this plan may come probably with another long-range plan.
Now, this may be a far-fetched question.
If you start any unprecedented actions of the year, a lengthy campaign,
might invite a new fact and lead a war.
You can say we're taking that case here.
Or, naturally, our politicians have been unceded for answering questions like that.
But you have asked it on behalf of not-seekful and actual answer it in that way.
The underlying purpose of my land-becune in resolution is to do the very thing
while we are not at war that we would be forced to do if we were to.
The my way of thinking is to keep me of step.
We have been taking with the Marshalls program,
the arms and implementation program,
the Atlantic Shack and so forth,
are equally alarming to the Kremlin as well as the first motions for uniting economically, militarily,
and in other ways, under master's rule.
Honestly, because I think Russia wants more than anything else additional cheap times,
I doubt that anything we can do is short of taking some address and military action against them,
with the vote for Russia's vote.
I'll tell you this.
We are getting nowhere fast for the measures we are taking now.
I'm on our way to adopt the largest plan.
They've voted for truth.
That's limitedly kept our way of benefiting the future.
I'm willing to take for not people, for our children, for ourselves,
whatever the chance is in favor of making a real bid, for real peace, for a long time.
The only way to keep them having more of war is to keep the situation to make the peace
as effective as possible.
I'm willing to cite the peace, that's what I'm trying to do right now.
And keep it as a positive thing, not just the absence of the vote.
The gain of positive so we must take positive action.
I want to use for our time and for all time, it's positive.
I'm willing to be daring if I need to leave the together.
I doubt that we should get it in any other matter.
I doubt that we should have a great national bankruptcy,
unless we strike down for a long time the greed of war.
That's my answer to this.
Thank you very, very much for the good people.
Ladies and gentlemen, once again, we have heard that we should afford a significant deal
with the people.
We invite you to be making a decision very next week,
because that's the key problem we're trying to make.
If you need to protect and don't advance,
this is all I do to let.
Until that time, on the same day.
This is actually a two-barber, and God in me say,
so long for now, so you can do that for us.
You're now, you're now.
I have to use our time to go ahead.
Very soon, so we'll have to take this.
Well, let's go over to the Capitol Tower, George.
All right.
There's all this to lunch, George.
Thank you, Senator.
Hello.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Three minutes.
Okay.
Two minutes.
Bye.
George, if you need to decide to move a little ball game tonight, let me know.
I'll do this on the road.
Thank you.